Why did I choose SvelteKit after exploring traditional server frameworks that promise "evergreen" tech stacks with little to no maintenance?

* Evergreen stacks are a falicy. Some work for updates, improvements and maintenance needs to be done periodically for websites/apps that people actually use if you want to provide a good user experience. Most websites that have been running on old "evergreen" technologies for decades without any maintenance probably do not get used very much.
* I wanted to use a server (like Fastify) with a templating engine (like Handlebars) and Datastar.js. However, a lot of the tooling that exists for frontend and meta frameworks (e.g. SvelteKit) does not exist for traditional tech stacks. For example, I had the hardest time trying to find information on how to setup a server with hot reloading that would refresh the browser when I save a file. I finally figured out how to do it with Vite and Hono.js. But then I could not figure out how to bundle all the Hono.js assets and apply things like PostCSS (with Autoprefixer) so I could get vendor prefixes automatically applied to my CSS styles. Hono.js has a pretty cool CSS helper for styling that is pretty simple, but it does not have anything like Autoprefixer (at least not yet). When I tried looking at Fastify with Handlebar templates it was even worse. I don't think you can use Vite as a dev server or a bundler for a server framework. Fastify has a Vite plugin, but it was very new and the documentation site had been down for months. Trying to get everything configured just for development (which is supposed to mimic production as much as possible) was a huge headache. 
* What I discovered is that these frontend frameworks have done a ton of work to simplify web development. Configuration and deployment used to be the hardest parts of web development, but now frameworks like SvelteKit make it super easy. I would have to give up all of the progress that has been made by meta frameworks if I wanted to use an "evergreen" stack and I would be missing out on a ton of other features (e.g. the possibility of turning web apps into native mobile apps, the quick and easy and incredible developer experience, everything comes prewired for development AND production with many sane defaults configured for you).
